APPS-3832 dx ssh should use only host field (#1561)
dnanexus/dx-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> * `dx ssh` now always connects using the job's `host` field instead of the HTTPS App ALB URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dx ssh` now always connects using the job's `host` field instead of the HTTPS App domain
```

Author: I've updated the comment, thanks Jan 👍
